{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11940\viewh7800\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 https://fsw.instructure.com/courses/998052/pages/shopping-list-application-requirements-draft\
\
\
\
Intro to Requirements - (BEFORE DESIGN)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\i\fs24 \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Projects
\i0\b0 \ulnone  (application, system, etc.) are born in many ways, but all have to start as an idea in someone's mind.\
It may be from a totally new never before thought of idea, it may be a small improvement to an existing application, system, or process. Ideas may come from many sources.\
Generalizing, the idea moves to some sort of request (formal or informal), and is evaluated for feasibility. Assuming the idea has been found feasible - it greatly increases the probability of success and usefulness if what the project needs to 
\b \ul do,
\b0 \ulnone  and 
\i\b \ul not do
\i0\b0 \ulnone .\
Brainstorm what the project should do. There are no wrong answers, but there needs to be a time limit. Effective brainstorming ideas will feed on each other and the synergy will take ideas to amazing places. Some of those places and concepts will be great, others, not so much. Capture all the ideas though.\
Distill the ideas from the brainstorming session(s). Look for recurring patterns. Generalize recurring ideas. Requirements that are important should emerge. Pay attention to refining the ideas that appear\'a0more important, but don't overlook the seemingly trivial at this point. Refine the brainstorming ideas into a list of 
\i\b \ul candidate requirements.
\i0\b0 \ulnone \'a0\
The final list of requirements will define what a successful project does and does not do. The final list will define the scope the project will live in. Individual\'a0requirements need to be very clearly written, they should include the ability to measure success. The ability to measure success can be defined by the phrase\'a0
\i\b \ul observable and quantifiable
\i0\b0 \ulnone .\
For example:\
<The interface\'a0should be fast> or\'a0<The interface\'a0shall be user-friendly> are not measurable\
<The interface\'a0should respond to a user's query within 
\i 0.1\'a0seconds,
\i0  assuming throughput of at least 10
\i \'a0Mbs
\i0 > is measurable.\
<The interface\'a0will be deigned to meet or exceed {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.iso.org/iso/home/store/catalogue_ics/catalogue_detail_ics.htm?csnumber=35733"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 ISO/IEC 25010:2011 Systems and software Quality Requirements and\'a0Evaluation\'a0standards\'a0(Links to an external site.)}}> is measurable. \'a0\
Requirements that make our candidate list should be fairly well defined, but assume further refinement after the list of candidate requirements is pared down to the list of final requirements that will define the project in it's entirety.\
Next - who defines these 
\i\b \ul Requirements
\i0\b0 \ulnone ?\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\sa321\partightenfactor0

\b\fs48 \cf2 Shopping List Application Requirements Draft\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl560\sa240\qc\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Shopping List System Requirements Document Draft
\fs24 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \{We will use this document to summarize and refine our list of candidate requirements\}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \ul \ulc2 Vision:\'a0
\b0 \ulnone \
\{Put your ideas of the project vision here.\}\
\'a0\

\b \ul Audience:
\b0 \ulnone \
\{Who is this application intended for?\}\
\'a0\

\b \ul Stakeholders:
\b0 \ulnone \
\{Who has an interest of any kind in this project\}\
\'a0\

\b \ul Application Environment:
\b0 \ulnone \
\{What type of system(s) will this application run on?\}\
\'a0\

\b \ul Application Design Requirements:
\b0 \ulnone \
\{To be a completely successful project, this application shall:\'a0\
\'a0 list what the application needs to do, in a way that we can measure if it actually does it.\}\
\'a0\

\b \ul Application Constraints:
\b0 \ulnone \
\{List any compliance requirements here, list anything the application should 
\i \ul not
\i0 \ulnone  do here\}\'a0\
\'a0\

\b \ul Assumptions:
\b0 \ulnone \
\{List any assumptions we have made that may impact our requirements, particularly if those assumptions may have some level of uncertainty\
For example, if sorting our list by the order items are located in a store is a requirement, an assumption is that the store layout is available to us\}\
\
\
\
\
\
}